first blog

may 22, 2026

recent favorite/underated machines in the gym you should try if you haven't already

my physique goals recently is to have a runner's build, lean and cut, improved cardio, and as a bonus, dunking ability and abs/v-taper. as for muscle, i am not trying to get big/ put on a lot of muscle while lifting heavy like i did in college. i am leaning more towards body weight exercises, focusing on number of reps more than the weight. recently some of the machines i enjoy are, number one: the seated leg press - this machine allows you to walk faster on the streets and gives you more stability when you run or walk in everyday motion. i remember when i didnt leave the house in over 3 months and havent used the gym in more than 6 months, the first time i went outside i felt so slow, i could not walk properly, i felt like i would be off balance and fall. i couldn't activate my leg muscles and could not flex any muscle independently and was mostly going through the motion of how i remembered walking to be. in order to run long distances as you need to as a runner, you need to have proper running, jogging and walking form and if you don't, repeating improper form for long periods of time will cause an injury or imbalance in the impact causing excessive load/pain in untargeted areas as opposed to working out the right muscle and feeling the pain there to stengthen it. with improper form, i would feel pain in my shins, hips, my liver, knees, ankles when i run, but with proper form it is all in my quads and a little bit of hamstrings and core. number two: standing ab crunch, this machine is unique to the lifefitness machines and i like it because it is a good starter machine to develop the core as opposed to situps if your core is not strong to begin with because if you do situps without activating your core or using improper form, you will strain your lower back. how i would use these machines is i would start with a low weight but still be able to feel a burn when i go past twenty reps, the first 20 reps is to manually feel out the muscle and isolate it on the reps, and the reps after 20 is to hold the form and stress out the muscle until you feel a burn and cant go further. sometimes this is over 100 reps. that is when i will take a break, when i cannot go another rep and increase my weight slightly usually by 5 or 10 lbs. i will repeat this until i cannot lift a weight that is heavier, i do this for both machines. during the upper half of my college years, my favorite machines were the roman chair, bench press, and reverse preacher curls. i start off my workout on the romain chair to hang on it and stretch out my back before the bench press. i may also use a stretch band to stretch out my back as well as biceps. i would then go do some dips to activate my shoulders because i can isolate and workout my shoulders, shoulder width apart to protect them from overstraining on the bench and providing good shoulder support for the bench when i lift some heavier weights and they overload my shoulder instead of using my back and chest like it should. i would also try to do some pull ups to workout my back, shoulders and biceps, doing a pull movement which will help on the bench when i counter the movement with push movements, making the bench press workout more thorough and comprehensive. it is kind of like stretching the muscle before working it. if i dont do a pull movement, i would feel my bicep is very tight, early in the bench press workout, one dimensional and stagnated. Number 2 - the bench press: this is my second machine and I focus on building up to higher weights, doing many reps at low weight to warm up the muscle first. in college i was focused on really getting my bench to as high as possible, i liked lifting heavy and was like fk it, im gonna try to get as massive as possible. it was cool when your whole life was in college, not really going out much and alternating between dorm, gym and library but when i left college, i could not wear any tight/ slimfit comfort shirts because everything would be showing and i had to usually wear oversized, dense, drop shoulder covering shirts that would get really hot and uncomfortable with no free range of motion. Number 3 is the reverse preacher curls - i like to do this with the angled bar and not the straight bar as it really activates my forearms and gets it really lean. also in the bench press you use a lot of forearm strength to stabilize the bar as it comes down thats why working out the forearms helps improve your bench press weight and form. Number 4 is the reverse flys - this workout is really good at stretching my back and activating my back, i enjoy this workout so much. sometimes when i sleep for long periods or sleep on a soft mattress, my back feels so tight and imbalanced but when i do the reverse flys, i feel like i am aligning my spine correctly and cracking my back in the process. i always start with very low weight, something i can do 50 plus with and work it like i am stretching. then i will slowly increase the weight to strengthen it but i am more focused/ isolating the muscle to strengthen it. Number 5 is the seated ab machine - i really liked this machine and started using it in 404 and then at nyu sh. similarly, start at low weight to isolate the abs and aim for as high reps as possible, to target the correct muscle and prevent straining the lower back. In the lower half of my college years the machines i enjoyed were number one has to be the inclined chest press. i really liked that i could feel the weight on my back and shoulders and i worked out those parts to strengthen it before going to the flat bench. i rarely liked sitting on the flat bench, i didnt like laying down but inclined bench has a really comfortable seat and i would spend a long time on that machine. this helped devlop shoulders and back as well as upper chest. Number 2 is the inclined shoulder press with dumbels. doing this workout while facing the mirror, you seem massive as you can see your biceps activated from stabilizing the dumbells, something you dont get from the machine. this workout definitely has a performative effect to it but it really helps with shoulder and back. if not as performative i would use the machine instead as all the equipment is covering up everything but if is was only me in the gym or the gym is pretty empty and everyone is spaced out, this is the workout i would do. Number 3 is overhead press - this workout helps with developing shoulders which pairs with the inclined bench workout. it also was cool to lift something over your head and helped to work out back and upper chest in the meantime to stabilize the weight. Number 4 would be the tricep pull downs - i was just starting out in the gym and working my triceps was something i felt was a really good stretch and that machine made me really feel like a gym goer, you can really feel the tricep tighten up, something you dont get in normal day to day activites. it also makes doing diamond pushups a lot easier, something that seemed hard in elementary/middle school. Number 5 is dips on the roman chair again - it helps with uses core and shoulders to stabilize and works out the shoulders and triceps, strengthening them for safer workout on the bench. End of highschool was the first time i really went to the gym - more so sophmore year was when i really began lifting weights. i was afraid lifting weights early would stunt my growth but in basketball practice, our coach brought us to lift weights and i first was introduced to machines in the gym through that experience which shaped my identity as a gym goer from a basketball player's standpoint. Number one - the leg press. this machine i was so suprised with because i enjoyed working out my legs and my upper body was not strong at the time but i was suprised by how strong my legs are and by using the leg press, i could hit weights that gave me a ego boost.