2nd blog

may 22, 2026

food products I love to eat for fitness, health and getting in shape

i love sugary drinks but that has gotten in the way of my fitness goals of getting lean and cut. premade drinks like gatorade and other bottled drinks that i love at the asian grocery store is full of sugar and artificial ingredients. asian drinks are better because the ingredients are safe to consume however american drinks have ingredients that straight up cause cancer. i have been re-evaluating american products lately like cheese that doesnt melt and burn like plastic, juices that contain less than 10% juice, which motivated me to start listing my favorite products and be more consious of the brands I am consuming instead of shopping whereever is convenient. first product is organic coconut water - specifically the pink coconut water which they have in kirkland (costco), trader joes and harmless harvest. i found harmless harvest to be a bit too sweet and slightly artificially sweet compared to the kirkland and trader joes ones which are refreshing and light but nonetheless serve as good options when you want something sweet to drink instead of drinking water all the time. Product 2 is freshly squeezed orange juice from whole foods or buy your own electronic juicer - i love to drink orange juice for something sweet and citrusy but have been drinking tropicana for a long time, it does not taste anything close to freshly squeezed orange juice. it is sour and builds up flem in your mouth while having a bunch of ingredients in it that is not just orange juice which you would want. after drinking freshly squeezed orange juice from whole foods, i have considered buying a electronic juicer and oranges instead. Product 3 - sous vide packaged chicken breast. chicken breast i found is one of the things that has given me lots of energy and not feel bloated after eating since i am sitting a lot and help me lean down. after eating white meat chicken, i feel energized, full, and do not feel lethargic like carbs and fatty foods do. steak is another option but it doesnt get me full as well as fish. cooking chicken breast is also something i had to learn to avoid it being dry. i used to cook a pack of chicken breast in college which was two breasts and by pan frying right out of the package, the juices would run out and the chicken became dry and stringy. i thought this was how chicken was supposed to taste and i had to just put up with it to get the benefits but recently i found out dry brining or marinating has made chicken juicier and allowed it to keep its moisture while cooking which made it more enjoyable to eat and achieve my fitness goals. another method that allows chicken to lock in its juices is sous videing and having it packaged is very convenient to store and meal prep. Product 4 - yogurt (avocado flavored): yogurt is another sweet snack i like and yogurt is great for digestion. i like yogurt, its easy to eat, has fruit flavored ones which taste great. i also really like the drinkable yogurts. in china there was a popular yogurt drink brand called more yogurt which is most famous for their avocado yogurt smoothie and that flavor is healthy, rich and fragrant which i think makes a really great yogurt flavor. Product 5 - sour plum drink: this drink i had some getting used to, initially i found it to be really sour and almost medicinal tasting but recently i found that this drink is high in antioxidants, good for degreasing and cutting through oils and the sourness wakes up the taste buds as well as the mind. 