3rd blog

may 27th, 2026 - 3:35pm

the vision for the brand, get active foods

the vision for the brand, get active foods is a brand that promotes eating foods that make you healthier, more active, more energetic in the gym, less sluggish, less sleepy, more fit and that's all. just like any brand/digital platform, it influences you to act a certain way, this platform makes it easy to get the foods you need for your active life. inspired by impeccable chicken as well as packaged chicken in china, i wondered why someone would trust eating cooked chicken from a package. but i realized it is optimized on all vectors. protein that you can eat until you are full that wont make you sleepy, have energy, as your stomache is burning protein all day long making you fit and awake, cooked sous vide giving it the perfect juicy tender cook which can be dry if you dont know how to cook chicken yourself (secret i learned after eating dry stringy throughout college it to brine your chicken overnight, can be as simple as salting it to marinating), and the most convenient product - pre packaged easy to eat like opening a bag of chips or a protein bar. these three pillars - keeps you energetic, active and awake (no carbs) - get you fit - and is convenient is the measure for all products in get active foods. and part of getting fit, energetic, active and healthy is organic, natural, simple ingredients, no added ingredients, no mysterious ingredients. growing up not really thinking twice and buying brands that was 'convenient' ly placed in the grocery store is why we consumed orange juice that tastes more sour than sweet and has more added sugars than soda in order for it to taste like juice from an orange. being hooked on that taste of orange juice and after drinking freshly squeezed orange juice, i then realized how artificially, slightly bitter (wondering if the taste comes from blending in the rinds as well), very sour and high fructose corn syrupey (always left you with orange-yellow flem on your tongue after drinking a sip) tropicana orange juice tasted like because it was just that, 'convenient' ly placed and positioned - influencing and developing the habit of what we think orange juice should taste like without thinking twice. it wasn't until after college that i thought of buying a juice press and oranges instead. pointing out the 'that's just the way it tastes product' to 'that's not the way it should taste' and offering how 'it should taste' by simply offering it on its own. the brands managed to do so much to it only to make it taste weirder and more unusual from it's natural state. Sure you can make all these foods and drinks at home as long as you're consuming natural foods with minmal ingredients, drinks w no added sugars, chicken sous vide with just salt, dried beef with just salt, recommend products and share recipes.
i learn more from ankur than i learn from bill gates, jensen huang. 